= DESCRIPTION:

Cookbook for deploying Magento.

This README needs some love, and is most likely out of date.

This cookbook makes a few assumptions...

- You deploy from a code repository. No generic installation from community tarball. (If you want vanilla community edition you can use the Magento mirror at https://github.com/LokeyCoding/magento-mirror.git)
- You have an entire Magento codebase in your repository. No Modman. I'd be happy to pull in additional Modman functionality if separated into a separate recipe.

= REQUIREMENTS:

== Platform:

Tested on Ubuntu 10.04

== Cookbooks:

Opscode cookbooks:

* mysql
* php
* apache2
* opensssl

== Libraries:

The openssl library is required from the openssl cookbook to generate secure passwords.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* magento[:alias] - An array of hostname alias.
* magento[:dir] - The Magento installation directory.
* magento[:db][:host] - The Magento database host.
* magento[:db][:database] - The Magento database.
* magento[:db][:username] - The database username.
* magento[:db][:password] - The database password. Defaults to a random secure pass.
* magento[:db][:prefix] - The database table prefix. Defaults to no prefix.
* magento[:session][:save] - The Magento session storage strategy.
* magento[:locale] - The local code.
* magento[:timezone] - The timezone.
* magento[:default_currency] - The default currency.
* magento[:skip_url_validation] - Yes skips validation on installation.
* magento[:use_rewrites] - Yes uses rewrites rather than index.php/url
* magento[:use_secure] - Yes uses HTTPS in frontend.
* magento[:use_secure_admin] - Yes uses HTTPS for admin backend.
* magento[:admin][:frontname] - Frontname for the admin backend.
* magento[:admin][:firstname] - Admin user firstname when running installer.
* magento[:admin][:lastname] - Admin user lastname when running installer.
* magento[:admin][:email] - Admin user email when running installer.
* magento[:admin][:username] = Admin user login.
* magento[:admin][:password] = Admin user password.
* magento[:keys][:enckey] - The Magento encryption key.
* magento[:developer_mode] - Sets the Magento developer mode in Apache config. 1/0
* magento[:enable_profiler] - Enables Magento profiling in Apache config. 1/0
* magento[:sample_data][:url] - Url to Magento sample data.
* magento[:sample_data][:checksum] - Checksum of Magento sample data Url.

The random generation is handled with the secure_password method in the openssl cookbook which is a cryptographically secure random generator and not predictable like the random method in the ruby standard library.



= LICENSE and AUTHOR:
Copyright:: 2011, Guidance Solutions, Inc.
Author:: Ticean Bennett, <tbenn@guidance.com>

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

